Track three, I'd much rather have the fresh air of the mountains.
As you can see, it's not much of a forest yet. Not too many tall trees to speak of.
What with the German submarines, the U-boats, targeting our merchant ships, we've got to
become more self-sufficient, they say, even though the wars ended.
The girls from the forestry commission are busy planting this up with softwoods. Quick
growers from Scandinavia.
Oh, the trees, that is.
The forestry girls are local. Most of them are only young, 15, 16 or so. They didn't
join the land army, just got a job with the forestry. They weren't best pleased to find
out they were getting paid half what we did. And they don't get the beret either.
It was an easy choice for me, you know, joining the timber corps. I'd much rather have the
fresh air of the mountains than the confines of a munitions factory.
And the uniform? Rather fetching, don't you think?
I remember a big brown paper parcel being delivered just a few days after passing my
medical. I spread everything across the bed, then proceeded to try it all on. Green jerseys,
riding breeches, dungarees, woolen knee socks, beige knit shirts and a tie.
We had a pair of boots, brown shoes and gum boots, plus overall coats, one melting overcoat
and a macintosh. And there at the bottom in a separate wrapping was my green armlet,
a metal badge and the bakelite badge for my green beret. I felt really important.
To this day, Mrs Lloyd, my landlady, even scrubs my boots. They're a lovely couple,
they are. It's a good thing though, because there's just one room downstairs, no kitchen
and the toilet is down steps by the river. Upstairs has two bedrooms, a single room that
Mr and Mrs Lloyd are in and a double bedroom for me. And as it turned out, Lily. We had
to share the small space, sleeping head to toe. She was a lovely lass too, but like all
the other girls, they were only here for a few months before moving on. Oh, I just need
to nip over to Violet, one of the forestry girls planting just over there. Hold that
thought and I'll catch up with you later.